Research and develop an implementation plan for an audio classification system to detect different sounds relating to crime and antisocial behaviour. 
In this coursework you are required to implement your solution using the Keras and TensorFlow. Detail of the tasks

Data pre-processing In this task, you are required to pre-process an audio dataset in order to train a model capable of classifying a selection of different sounds. The sounds you choose (classes) are up to you, but you should consider the problem outlined in the first coursework. All tasks should be undertaken in Jupyter Lab with a description of each cell using markdown.  Using the audio dataset (Audio.zip) on Canvas, you are required to load the audio data set.  Include visualisations of the audio files such as wave plots etc.  Extract the features using an appropriate technique from either the python_speech_features or librosa package and use features such as Mel-Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCC). A full list of available feature extraction methods for the APIs can be found here: https://python-speech-features.readthedocs.io/en/latest/, https://librosa.org/doc/main/feature.html#feature  Use an appropriate technique to decide which features are important to train the model.  Using the generated data, you are required to generating an appropriate train/test/validation split.

Model development and training
In this task, you are required to train an audio classification model using the pre-processed data from task 1. The model architecture and hyperparameters you choose to perform the training is up to you; however, you must provide justification for your selection in the markdown. Using your pre-processed data construct a Jupyter notebook to achieve the following:  Configure network architecture (while providing justification).  Train your model for a set number of epochs. The number you choose is up to you, but you should consider overfitting, model accuracy and techniques such as early stopping. You will need to provide justification for the number of epochs used.

Model evaluation and deployment In this task you are required to evaluate your model using a variety of different metrics. For this task you must undertake the following steps:  Return the confusion matrix, sensitivity, specificity, loss and AUC values to determine the performance of the trained model.  Save your model in the .h5 format once you are happy with the results.  Develop a Jupyter Notebook to perform inference on your .h5 model using unseen test audio files.  At the end of your Jupyter Notebook in markdown discuss your results.
